### Libmys C/C++ library

The reason I create this library was to prevent myself from repeating some dirty coding at first. But after this library grow up, I realized that not only C/C++ files can be put here, but also anything that may help me in my daily development, like config files, shell scripts, python modules, and so on. So this library is not a pure and simple C/C++ library anymore.

The first commit of Libmys contains two header files only (I believe), one for the C project and another for the C++ project. I really enjoy copying and pasting them to many projects I want to inject, with many static variables and functions. But I can't remember which code was the oldest one because of the incomplete commit history. You can see the first commit already contains 15 files and 1959 lines, but now it become a large repository with so many codes I wrote and I grabbed from the internet.

I have tried my best to keep these codes (especially those under `libmys/include/mys`, the heart of this project) to be portable on many systems and architectures, but without warranty of any kind. I use `-Wall -Wextra -Werror` to keep them usable, but many functions like those about OS and file systems are written from the scratch case by case. Many bugs were fixed on the fly, which means I won't modify them until I notice some unexpected results when invoking them. My main development environment has switched to MacOS, and use Linux in most remote development scenes. So these codes have been tested on POSIX-compliant systems for a long time, and I'm really happy about it.
